well hello everyone you told me to
happen if lessons on can be everything
oh my father coming shows you there
where I would say the house out of
nowhere but it's not really her style
I'd be sad to what her down today this
is when Luke I turn around to see the
back oh I think I'm taking out tomorrow
morning and since I've been doing a lot
of questions on how you take it out I'm
going to actually do what take out video
tomorrow sometimes it's really simple
take down without hung around it's still
a big pool for my taste so I'm not
really that comfortable wearing it down
today what I am cuz I just don't feel
like trying to find a style for on
overall I guess it's okay Oh like I said
I don't like four be careful this is
Beach means but it might not be like
this if you were bigger but anyway
that's what this is the way I decided to
work today um also make up on the other
hand and go to that um I all some black
eyeshadow and go I shadow oh I did a
little bit different this time instead
of putting the dog browning creek area I
used black and it looks kind of great I
don't know why but this action is black
and I used on the neutral black eyeliner
on top of my black eyeliner front of
mine and kind of beige like increase I
mean the highlight areas and that's
basically it oh the lipstick on the
other hand I have on call
I cannot remember mandarin mandarin or
something like that ice it's number 35
by couple girls and lip gloss and it has
like a shimmer to it all I'll check it
and I put it in info box or the name of
it and of course the jury wise come on
this hand I have a black and gold out
wide embrace that show is lost for that
I hate on and the black or a ring that I
had and on this hand I got another knock
out the bottom braces this was the one
it came came with the fit oh it's the
bracelet and I get on the earrings is
where these are the earrings and the
necklace this is the necklace and it has
it's black and gold to guess a little
black thing the black fits or whatever
on and I decided to go in and what a
bracelet read it is little um the person
I'm carrying is the black and gold alpha
by the person I showed I shows you know
video a while ago I would probably show
to the more than one time I don't know
what I did is we got living and living
room some around the word is but that's
a person I'm caring and these are the
shoes that i am wearing today with
interest they get to tour outlet and the
limestone around the soul part over and
it's gold little something around here
in the heel is out as will the back of
has looked gold stripes down he doesn't
have rhinestones all around here and
they actually let me just eat it yeah
that's the way they look the back of it
it actually has like a loose string
right here in the center of it two
strings and they wrap crisscross and
wrap around the ankle entire around the
ankle as you can tell you I love shoes
with co out and I Louis
ankle so yeah so those issues outside to
wear an issue the best way to I got a
new berlin to me I can't remem how much
I paid for by getting the birds and
cofactors yeah so that's basically the
outfit that I'm wearing today in vessel
oh my nails I shows you titties on my
nails in astoria that's why be my new
elsewhere ideal to the flowers in it
because I got that beautiful my drift
and the draping is love the glitter it
has glittery in it um you extra can't
tell what colors of glitter heels to be
honest cuz they have gold and red and
look like orange in it too so I don't
know walk on because I just pulled out
the gold and decide to wear black and
gold with trees so that's basically um
what I'm wearing today and how and where
am i hurting etc so i will talk two
ladies sitting in take
you